Readme update - Home View and AI (#3992)
gitkraken/vscode-gitlens: README.md

- [**Streamline Collaboration**](#streamline-collaboration) &mdash; GitLens isn’t just for solo developers—it’s designed to enhance team collaboration. With Cloud Patches and Code Suggest, you can share and discuss suggested changes with any GitLens or GitKraken user, on multiple files and even PRs.

> ## Home View - Your VS Code Workflow Hub

Reviewer: Curious the benefit of "VS Code Workflow Hub" versus something like "Development Workflow Hub".

Author: With GitLens so well integrated into VS Code, from a messaging standpoint that can be a strength that may reduce hesitation to explore our products if they're positioned as thoughtful tools with VS Code, thus the use of VS Code. This isn't a huge deal though so will go ahead and resolve with your edit.

> Compact but powerful, the Home View lets you take your tasks and issues from code to merge. Start work on an issue or create PRs and new branches in one intelligent view. The perfect companion for developers looking to reduce tedious context switching and stay focused on their work in VS Code.

Reviewer: I don't think we need "and new branches" here since that's part of the Start Work flow and we don't need to reiterate that GL helps you create normal branches.

```suggestion
Compact but powerful, the Home View lets you take your tasks and issues from code to merge. Start work on an issue and create PRs in one intelligent view. The perfect companion for developers looking to reduce tedious context switching and stay focused on their work in VS Code.
```

## GitLens AI Integrations

> GitLens integrates with models such as OpenAI, Anthropic, GitHub Copilot, Gemini and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitLens integrates with models such as OpenAI, Anthropic, DeepSeek, GitHub Copilot, Gemini and more.
```

> - 🧪**AI Generatated Commit Message** - Use the Generate Commit Message command from the Source Control view's context menu to automatically generate a commit message for your staged changes by leveraging AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🧪**AI Generatated Commit Message** - Leverage more AI models to quickly generate commit messages for uncommitted work from Home View, or from the Source Control view's context menu.
```

> - 🧪**AI Explain Commit**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🧪**AI Commit Explanations**
```

Use the Explain panel on the Inspect view to leverage AI to help you understand the changes introduced by a commit.

>  Access to AI features simply require signing up for a free [GitKraken](https://gitkraken.dev/register?product=gitlens&source=marketing_page&redirect_uri=vscode%3A%2F%2Feamodio.gitlens%2Flogin&flow=gitlens_web&utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=readme-ai) account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Access these AI features by signing up for a free [GitKraken](https://gitkraken.dev/register?product=gitlens&source=marketing_page&redirect_uri=vscode%3A%2F%2Feamodio.gitlens%2Flogin&flow=gitlens_web&utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=readme-ai) account.
```
